today it's your Ventus against Barcelona
let's get to the olympiastadion then
there should be a tremendous atmosphere
under the floodlights tonight in Burma
your comedy team of martin Tyler and
allen Smith
going to crush it papa way of defending
by the flyer
please fight it into the wide area that
played it well and now messy
solana have strong here
simply stroke that one hope given the
keeper no chance
hey MA he's got it back again Jordi Alba
and with the jokes goodness me get the
post
they've got men in the middle if he can
cross it here's the shot eyes had a
crack here it was all about making the
right connection he just couldn't quite
manage you
was Mac easier and met by the header to
clear the ball away shots on here wait
to say for the balls go back
Evra
and the opponents come in strongly
fantastic header even better save me
doubt
is the ball in feed hours in the middle
very nearly a goal it's hit the bar and
it's back in play well they're still
battling to try and get their search for
supremacy successful possession facts
suggested that
battling is still going on which one
having possession but another thing
being positive and using it in the right
areas
same with the tackle what a chance here
we mail message
goes across what can he do now in with a
chance Barcelona
and you've got to be impressed with that
why he's put his foot to it and found
the bottom right corner
another look at it I'll show something
leonardo bonucci feed house in the
middle that's very well read and that's
a very good interception got to be an
opportunity for a site that's been
struggling for much of the game but
they've shown a little bit of guts there
to try and get in and make some inroads
into this deficit
well array small gap between the two
teams as the referee brings an end to
the game the final score to nil